Awesome.
Rachel Weatherbie: Hello.
Tracy Jackson: Hi. How are you doing, can you hear
Rachel Weatherbie: Me. Yes, I can hear you.
Tracy Jackson: Good. Do you prefer to be called Rachel. Yes. Okay. Hi Rachel, I'm Tracy Jackson. Nice to meet you.
Rachel Weatherbie: Nice to meet you.
Tracy Jackson: And as I understand that you're new to bright heart health, and just saw about your candle recently is that correct
Rachel Weatherbie: As of yesterday.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. And so before we get started.
Tracy Jackson: Tell me something about yourself that has nothing to do with pain or hill or illness. Since
Rachel Weatherbie: I just moved to Albuquerque. And I was living in a vanilla for almost two years. My daughter's going to college here at you and me, but now she's online.
Rachel Weatherbie: And
Rachel Weatherbie: Getting Started. I need a job.
Rachel Weatherbie: So yeah, it's kind of studying my life over
Tracy Jackson: Okay, so you're in a big transition right now. It sounds like
Rachel Weatherbie: Yes I sold my house. And so we're city and just got a condo.
Rachel Weatherbie: Okay, so I moved in now.
Tracy Jackson: So Rachel, what are the things that are the most important to you in your life, the things you value the most about your life.
Rachel Weatherbie: My daughter, my family.
Tracy Jackson: Your kids and your faith.
Tracy Jackson: Really important to you and they're your motivation to kind of
Tracy Jackson: Try to heal a little bit
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah, I've been
Rachel Weatherbie: Really unmotivated, the last month or just I quit using drugs. So I'm feeling better now.
Rachel Weatherbie: There's like all those guys and then you
Rachel Weatherbie: Know, kind of trying to get back on my feet.
Tracy Jackson: Good. We're glad you're here. And, and what are you good at. Tell me some of your strengths
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, I'm the oldest of six kids so mostly my life is taking care of them a lot. My daughter and and put it are. I was going to school for a long time. I didn't graduate or the my last year to be a teacher. And it was all I wanted to do.
Rachel Weatherbie: I really want to find
Rachel Weatherbie: I wanted to go into like peer support specialist work and I was mentioning sobriety. My and then I fell down the last dream.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, so it sounds like you've got resilience. So even though you stumble, like all of us. Do you get right back up and try again. You've been a caregiver a dedicated caregiver for a long time and you have a little bit of a creative side.
Tracy Jackson: With your art. Okay, awesome. And so I am a, I'm a pain specialists that bright heart so you will keep Dr candela who will help manage your medications any medications you need and make adjustments in that
Tracy Jackson: My specialty. I'm also an addiction specialist, but my i'm also boarded in chronic pain and I was at Vanderbilt in Nashville, Tennessee, for
Tracy Jackson: 12 years running their pain program and prescribing medicines and doing injections and procedures and at some point began to appreciate that our system actually hurts people was paying an addiction and
Tracy Jackson: So I kind of became a yoga instructor and an acupuncturist and a health coach and started doing killer medicine so I could
Tracy Jackson: Get to know patients and be be able to answer your questions if you have any when you first come into the program because that's sort of practice on all sides of the pain management spectrum.
Tracy Jackson: And then if it makes sense for you after we talk over the next 45 minutes to
Tracy Jackson: Determine if maybe some ongoing meetings group meetings with me and other people that struggle with pain is one of their triggers for their youth, if that might be something that's useful for you going forward. So that's my role with bright heart.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. All right. So in these 45 minutes that we have to talk. What do you want to make sure
Tracy Jackson: That you get out of this meeting with me.
Rachel Weatherbie: I don't know, it's just pretty open to the idea. I wasn't really sure what the best
Okay.
Tracy Jackson: Well, maybe we can start with this. What do you I know doctors have given you a bunch of diagnoses through the years, and I was kind of thing. But what do you think are all the components that are contributing to your pain all the things that contribute to your pain.
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, I was in a big accident.
Rachel Weatherbie: And so my body was just never going to be the same. And so I it's something I have to live with and learn it's fairly recent it was at the end of 2016 and so
Rachel Weatherbie: I just had to
Rachel Weatherbie: Adjust my life to the way my body is now. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: So prior to 2016
Tracy Jackson: Did you have any pain anywhere.
Rachel Weatherbie: No, I'm a left shoulder, which is injured. Now I had problems with it, but I had just finished physical therapy.
Tracy Jackson: Mm hmm.
Rachel Weatherbie: It was just like adult pain. It was like nothing major.
Tracy Jackson: Like a rotator cuff something
Tracy Jackson: Kind of thing and or impingement. And now, where is the
Tracy Jackson: Most to say, what are your most disabling symptoms. Now, but keep you
Tracy Jackson: What you want to do.
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, I had total knee reconstruction surgery. And for some reason, and the surgeons that is just comes with the territory.
Rachel Weatherbie: When I do regular activities. My leg swells up really bad, to the point where I can't walk up the elevator and it's just awful. It's like, it seems like glue almost my legs and his veins and also I have open nerve endings on my left arm. My whole left side was broken.
Tracy Jackson: All right, and that left foot when it swells up and changes colors. Is it very sensitive to light touch. Like a sheet for the water in the bath or something like that. It's a very
Rachel Weatherbie: Definitely it's
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah, it's both my legs now also because he said my right leg is our greatest. Now, it's not as bad as the left late, but my right one swells up also
Tracy Jackson: Can I see. Can you point the camera at your left leg. Is it possible for me to look at this swollen.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah, it's
Rachel Weatherbie: It's not slowing right now.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, and so it's the same color is the other leg right now as well.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yes, it'll only happens like when I'm just doing regular activity.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, and then have you noticed any changes in the hair growth or the nail growth on that left foot compared to the other one.
Rachel Weatherbie: Um, no.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. All right.
Tracy Jackson: And
Tracy Jackson: I want to back up just a little bit. Why don't you walk me through. And I know you're in transition, but walk me through what a typical day is like for you. And by that I mean when you wake up, what sorts of things you eat the kind of things you do during the day.
Tracy Jackson: Particularly sort of to address your pain and then kind of your bedtime routines.
Rachel Weatherbie: I haven't had written. Like I said, I just went to the park because we do go so I've just been doing nothing, pretty much.
Rachel Weatherbie: Like a giraffe at all. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: How about when you normally eat. I mean, when you're not throwing up and having diarrhea and what's, what's your diet. Like, what sorts of foods to eat normally
Rachel Weatherbie: Oh I chatty just normal, you know,
Rachel Weatherbie: like oatmeal and itching.
Rachel Weatherbie: Like easy stuff. I don't cook this much as they used to.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. Have you ever made any dietary modifications to try to improve your pain experience.
Rachel Weatherbie: No. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: Is anybody ever told you that that might be a way that you could address your pain.
Tracy Jackson: And and we'll talk about some of this stuff at the end. I'm just going to gather some information right now for me. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: And you mentioned before that you only have pain on the left conference accident and before that.
Tracy Jackson: You had low shoulder pain, but any headaches painful menstrual cramps irritable bowel symptoms, any of that kind of stuff.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah, period. It's like
Rachel Weatherbie: really heavy.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. And did that cause you to miss any school or miss work in the past or something because with
Rachel Weatherbie: I've missed work because
Tracy Jackson: Okay, and how about headaches, any kind of headaches.
Rachel Weatherbie: Once in a while. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: It's not, it's not a common thing for you.
Tracy Jackson: And in terms of activity and exercise things that you do for movements, what would that be
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, I haven't been doing any since I moved to before. I will tell I was going for a walk or I had an extra surgery tonight do at home, they
Rachel Weatherbie: Have seen everything. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: So when you're able
Tracy Jackson: And as you get going again your preferred type of activity is to walk is
Tracy Jackson: Walking for exercise.
Rachel Weatherbie: Come strolling swim. There's a swimming pool for swimming pools.
Tracy Jackson: Okay.
Tracy Jackson: And if you do need, you know, sometimes swimming
Tracy Jackson: Clubs will get discounts to people if their doctor writes a prescription that they could use the pool for aqua therapy or something like that.
Tracy Jackson: So if you need, or would like to consider getting involved in something like that and Albuquerque, and you find a pool. Let us know so we can give you a prescription
Tracy Jackson: Okay, maybe you didn't get a discount on those rights.
For that
Tracy Jackson: And how about your sleep.
Rachel Weatherbie: Sometimes I don't we get prescribed. Well, I need to see a doctor here. No, I don't have a doctor, I need to establish here. So they were prescribing me sleeping pills, because I had
Rachel Weatherbie: Problems like going to sleep. Sometimes, and then sometimes I just think too much. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: So it's not consistent and when you do have trouble falling asleep. Is it or sleeping. Is it trouble falling asleep or staying asleep.
Rachel Weatherbie: staying asleep.
Tracy Jackson: So you can fall asleep pretty quickly normally with a sleeping pill. But then you wake up multiple times in the night.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah.
Tracy Jackson: And when you wake up. How hard is it for you to fall back asleep.
Rachel Weatherbie: It takes a long time because some night and had I used to be up like all night.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. And have you ever been tested for sleep apnea.
Tracy Jackson: No. Okay. Do you know what that is.
Tracy Jackson: Yes. Okay. Do you know if you snore.
Rachel Weatherbie: No, no, no.
Tracy Jackson: You know, no. Okay. And the reason that I asked about sleep apnea is a lot of times if people snore, or if they
Tracy Jackson: Have a certain shape in their mouth, you know, just you're born with it, whatever, and you can't get enough oxygen we lay on your back and your tongue sort of salt falls in the back of your mouth.
Tracy Jackson: That can cause you a couple of things. Number one, you your body thinks you're choking. And so typically, when you wake up you wake up fully in fight or flight syndrome right you wake up like heart racing.
Tracy Jackson: Sort of breathing quickly, all that kind of stuff. And it's sometimes hard to go back to sleep and also
Tracy Jackson: When you're not getting enough oxygen because your tongues in the way, that's when you don't get oxygen to those muscles into the nerves and so you can wake up with your pain actually flaring
Tracy Jackson: And so a lot of times if you can get a sleep study like as you get established and as the clinic sets and backup is he can be evaluated for that the treatment is a is a machine, you know that that see pat machine which a
Tracy Jackson: Lot of
Tracy Jackson: People don't like. But I tell people that, it obviously works wonders, because nobody on the planet would wear that thing, unless it was a really significant improvement that people felt
Tracy Jackson: So it's one of those things that we do know with people with chronic pain that if they have difficulty sleeping and if they get tested and do have some obstruction and where that machine that everything comes to get better. Better sleep better pain.
Tracy Jackson: That kind of thing.
Tracy Jackson: So it's something that I can write you a prescription for that we can email it to you. And once you start to establish care and look around for clinics in the area. If that's something you want to look into. You can get that evaluated. Okay.
Okay.
Tracy Jackson: Do you have any nightmares or flashbacks of the accident or anything else that wake you up.
Rachel Weatherbie: I'm not, I don't remember that.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. All right. So have you ever experienced anything that you consider to be really traumatic in your life that causes you distress.
Rachel Weatherbie: Was an alcoholic kinetic muscle.
OK.
Tracy Jackson: And
Tracy Jackson: Now that you're getting you're getting clean now on a is your mood. How would you describe your mood now.
Rachel Weatherbie: I've just been so tired. I haven't been wanting to do anything. Okay, but I'm
Rachel Weatherbie: Starting to feel better.
Rachel Weatherbie: So just
Rachel Weatherbie: kind of stay motivated. You know, I need a job and stuff. Right.
Tracy Jackson: So you're still working towards it. So you're having a little trouble with motivation right now. Are you feeling suicidal little
Tracy Jackson: Okay. And have you ever felt suicidal before in the past.
Rachel Weatherbie: Like a long time ago.
Tracy Jackson: Long time ago. Okay. And were you in the hospital for that.
Rachel Weatherbie: And no know
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, briefly, one
Tracy Jackson: Briefly once when you were child.
Rachel Weatherbie: Knows they five years ago.
Okay.
Tracy Jackson: And are you currently or seeing a counselor, other than through brighter.
Rachel Weatherbie: Or any appointment.
Tracy Jackson: Now for okay
Rachel Weatherbie: Now, no.
Tracy Jackson: Is that something that you're interested in.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yes. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: Have you ever had panic attacks or anxiety attacks.
Tracy Jackson: Yes. Okay. So sometimes you have anxiety and sometimes you feel you can feel depressed. So it kind of depends on what's going on is that right
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah, okay.
Tracy Jackson: And and then
Tracy Jackson: Out of all the things you've tried to manage your pain since 2016 since this accident.
Tracy Jackson: What have been the things that have been really helpful.
Rachel Weatherbie: I guess the hot tub here itself. Right. So being
Rachel Weatherbie: Just the guests been more active, you know, like it hurts.
Rachel Weatherbie: More at the time, but in the long run. They feel better.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, so, um,
Tracy Jackson: So activity and he makes it better.
Tracy Jackson: And how about things that you've tried that. You just thought, you know what, that doesn't work. I don't want to do that anymore.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. All right. And how about stuff that I call the hippie stuff acupuncture yoga, meditation, any of that kind of thing. If you ever tried any of that.
No. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: And is there a particular reason and
Tracy Jackson: But you haven't explored any of that.
Rachel Weatherbie: Um, no. Like I pretty much I've just been moving around a lot like busy with that. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: toughing it out in terms of the pain or using
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, and then you'll I was in
Rachel Weatherbie: I was in
Rachel Weatherbie: Physical rehab. Okay.
All right.
Tracy Jackson: And then after that you were either. You said your alcohol was your drug of choice to cope with that.
Rachel Weatherbie: No opiates.
Tracy Jackson: At the okay
Tracy Jackson: And in terms of you mentioned that you have a strong faith.
Tracy Jackson: And how about your support system you're in the same town as your daughter. It sounds like
Tracy Jackson: And your clothes off your daughter.
Rachel Weatherbie: And my mom's visiting right now.
Okay.
Tracy Jackson: So even though you're looking for a job, you have
Tracy Jackson: A stable enough financial situation and somewhere to live and enough money for food and your medicines and all that kind of stuff.
Rachel Weatherbie: You know, my mom's been helping me
Tracy Jackson: Your mom's helping. Okay. All right.
Tracy Jackson: What um
Tracy Jackson: What else do you feel like I need to know to be able to understand your story with regards to your pain.
Rachel Weatherbie: Um,
Rachel Weatherbie: I can't think of anything.
Tracy Jackson: All right. Did you have a pain doctor in a Cinderella. Did you have a somebody that
Rachel Weatherbie: I was
Rachel Weatherbie: Going to physical therapy.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, did you didn't have anybody to offer do any sort of nerve blocks or injections or any medicines or
Rachel Weatherbie: No, I wanna
Rachel Weatherbie: I want to start seeing some kind of specialist or something like I just had a really bad luck with doctors and also getting my disability like I've just had the worst.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, so you're you're looking to do you're applying for disability. Now, is that right
Rachel Weatherbie: I have applied and been denied. And then I don't know.
Rachel Weatherbie: Going on it right now.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. And then what kind of work are you looking to do or did you do before
Rachel Weatherbie: I don't even know.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, you're not sure what you can do, what did you do before
Rachel Weatherbie: Well, I was in school for a long time. I guess I just did like stages. Now, as a life coach for quite a while.
Rachel Weatherbie: I work with people with
Developmental Disability
Tracy Jackson: And so you mentioned you might want to go see a pain specialist because there might be some procedures and other sorts of things that may be helpful, particularly for that left leg pain.
Tracy Jackson: Because you may have some nerve injury and there are a lot of kind of procedures where they can go in and if you have a irritated nerve. They can activate that nerve or burn that nerve. So it kind of
Tracy Jackson: Calm down a little bit. And that might minimize your pain and allow you to be more functional and move around.
Tracy Jackson: There's also a pain condition called Complex Regional Pain Syndrome that can sometimes result in swelling and really extreme pain and color change and that sort of thing.
Tracy Jackson: And so I really would like somebody to evaluate you in person to look at that, because there are some procedures that can be done to help that. And since special medication.
Tracy Jackson: I'm going to recommend that if he when your leg is swollen up and change colors like that, take a picture of it so that you can show the doctor because it does tend to come and go.
Tracy Jackson: Yes, right.
Tracy Jackson: And so they want to make sure that they can see it when it's at its worst to get a good idea of what it looks like.
Tracy Jackson: That help them with the diagnosis what insurance. He has
Rachel Weatherbie: To change Centennial
Tracy Jackson: I'm sorry.
Rachel Weatherbie: Presbyterian Centennial
Tracy Jackson: That's the insurance.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yes. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: So what I would recommend is and this is a little I can give you a referral to an interventional pain. Doctor, you know somebody who can actually see you. We just need to know
Tracy Jackson: You'll just need to figure out who and who is covered in your network and in your area. Now that you're there, but all these sorts of referrals and I might give you for sleep study and a pain.
Tracy Jackson: In person pain evaluation, you can then take or fax to your insurance company or that provider, because the, the one or referral right to be able to see you and I can, I can make that referral for you. We just need to know where to send it is in your network.
Rachel Weatherbie: Okay, so I need to look up, Dr.
Tracy Jackson: Yeah, so normally an insurance plan will have a list of doctors that are in your network. So if you look up
Tracy Jackson: Pain doctor and I'm gonna
Tracy Jackson: She's nice see
Tracy Jackson: On your phone if I do this chat here.
Tracy Jackson: If I chat and i right
Tracy Jackson: interventional pain. Can you see that
Tracy Jackson: Yeah, the city.
Tracy Jackson: So that's what you'll need to maybe take a screenshot of that or something because it'll go away when
Rachel Weatherbie: When we end all but
Tracy Jackson: Or write it down or something. But that is what you'll want to look up
Tracy Jackson: You know in your network and see what's covered by you or who is covered by your insurance and then I can, you'll have the prescription referral, but I will, or the referral that I can email you that then you can send to that office.
Rachel Weatherbie: Okay.
Tracy Jackson: All right, so that's one way to get that evaluated and
Rachel Weatherbie: The interventional pain doctors
Rachel Weatherbie: That are hot and it already went on.
Tracy Jackson: That we'd already did. Okay, let me try this again.
Tracy Jackson: Complex Regional Pain Syndrome, or C or PS. I also want you to have that term.
Tracy Jackson: Can you see that
Rachel Weatherbie: Yes. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: So there's a possibility that that might be going on in your leg and so you'll really need a pain specialist to evaluate that for you. Okay.
Rachel Weatherbie: Okay.
Tracy Jackson: Are you having any
Tracy Jackson: Any changes in your bowel or bladder function like you're leaking urine or stool. When you don't intend to
Rachel Weatherbie: Know, okay.
Tracy Jackson: And do you have any pain in your spine in your neck or your back.
Rachel Weatherbie: Just a shoulder, since it was broken.
Tracy Jackson: Just read this episode for concealed or open. And then the other thing I'm going to right here for you is a sleep study. And again, I'm going to
Tracy Jackson: Not
Rachel Weatherbie: Do that.
Tracy Jackson: Yeah. Uh huh. You don't have to, but I'm just writing this down so you can because it's a lot to remember. But you don't have to do
Tracy Jackson: That. And like I said, if, if
Tracy Jackson: A lot of people, I say if you're not willing to wear that machine. I wouldn't even get the study. Right. And a lot of people just aren't willing to wear them.
Tracy Jackson: Understand
Tracy Jackson: The other thing about
Tracy Jackson: Diet is that, in general, it's
Tracy Jackson: sugary foods foods with a lot of processed sugars like that come in boxes and cans with a bunch of ingredients.
Tracy Jackson: They tend to cause inflammation in the body that can worsen nerve pain and muscle pain like you have
Tracy Jackson: And so, and arthritis pain can be worse. And so I tell people that more like a whole what you hear about whole food diets, or Paleo kind of diets, or Mediterranean diet where you have like
Tracy Jackson: fish and chicken and lean meat and vegetables and that kind of thing is a much better choice. And I know people can't just like
Tracy Jackson: Cut out all their foods and some of those foods like meats and vegetables are more expensive, but just be aware and maybe notice
Tracy Jackson: You know when you eat really sugary drinks or snacks or soft drinks for that kind of thing, if it affects your pain and if it does just some people just cutting out sugar and soft drinks or
Tracy Jackson: Not adding sugar to their coffee or not eating as many sort of chips and cookies and that kind of thing. They can notice an improvement, a significant improvement in their pain.
Tracy Jackson: Some people like to try fad diets like whole 30 or keto diet or Paleo diets, or whatever. And it's not necessary. It's just being aware that those types of sugary foods really do increase the inflammation in your body and staying away from those
Tracy Jackson: As you can is going to improve your pain over time.
Rachel Weatherbie: Yeah, I wanted to get my like what I eat on tracks. I'm getting older.
Tracy Jackson: Yeah, and you know, as I've looked around at a lot of these kinds of diets and there's no one size fits all right you know if you feel crappy on a certain diet or or it feels like you're pulling teeth.
Tracy Jackson: You know, then it's not worth doing. But there's some diet like a keto diet where if you already eat a lot of sort of fatty foods like bacon or cheese's or eggs or things like that and you enjoy eating them that way.
Tracy Jackson: That's a way that doesn't make people feel as deprived and it's also not as expensive, you know, the other kind of diets, the organic vegan kind of diets, although they might be healthier tend to be hard to stick harder to sit with for a lot of people and more expensive.
Tracy Jackson: So again, just trying to stick to sort of
Tracy Jackson: Meat and colorful vegetables as much as you can eat fish colorful vegetables that kind of stuff is an oatmeal will be fun, you know,
Tracy Jackson: There's a, there's some good rules of thumb, and you can look up things like low sugar diets, or anti inflammatory diets and see
Tracy Jackson: I don't like the word diet, you know, if you can't stick with it. It's not worth doing. That's why I say just maybe knock out a couple of things that you think, or maybe really sugary and see if you're paying improves
Rachel Weatherbie: Okay, no.
Tracy Jackson: And the last thing that I offer for people at bright heart and you can talk to Dr candela about it.
Tracy Jackson: But I have groups that I do for people within the bright heart system, who have chronic pain. Okay. And in those groups. We don't ever talk about medications or anything else but we get together. So, my group of eight or 10 people and I'll give some
Tracy Jackson: Some options for things that you can do for free, right from your house to manage pain right
Tracy Jackson: So it's really important to me that it's accessible for everybody and they have to be things that have scientific evidence
Tracy Jackson: So I'll talk about the evidence for what it is. And then if it's something like chair yoga or breathing exercise or nutrition recommendation or like this the next six weeks we're talking about sleep.
Tracy Jackson: Things that you can do or different techniques or apps or education about why people don't sleep and how to improve your sleep.
Tracy Jackson: You know, and make sure that everybody has access to that. And can you know practice it at home and that kind of thing.
Tracy Jackson: And so if that's something that you just want more information about different ways to manage your pain without having to go to a doctor or take a pill or take a shot, then
Tracy Jackson: We do those groups on Thursdays every other week at 530 Pacific time
Rachel Weatherbie: And we'll
Tracy Jackson: send you an email about that. And if that's something you're interested in, and normally
Tracy Jackson: You know, I don't know if that's your candle Posey but normally at bright heart we see you every week, particularly when you're first getting going. You know, to make sure that you're doing. Okay.
Tracy Jackson: You'll see Dr. Candle every week. But over time, if you want to. So often say, you don't have to see her every week. You can see me if pain you know if your medicines are stable and you just want to
Tracy Jackson: Discuss things about pain. So those are some things that we could do in the future.
Rachel Weatherbie: Okay.
Tracy Jackson: That sounds good. I know it's a very overwhelming of a lot of information. But I think the major thing is to try to get your referral to a
Tracy Jackson: interventional pain doctor to see if there's some procedures to be done for that leg and if you might have that Complex Regional Pain Syndrome, because there's some special medicines, they can do for that.
Okay.
Tracy Jackson: Do you have any questions for me.
Tracy Jackson: No. Okay, well thanks for showing up and everything is there any message, you'd like for me to pass along to dr CANDO.
Rachel Weatherbie: Do. Okay, no.
Rachel Weatherbie: No, I'm fine.
Tracy Jackson: Okay, good. It was nice to meet you.
Rachel Weatherbie: Nice to see you later. Okay, thank you.
Tracy Jackson: Okay. Bye bye.
Bye.